# Transport Slice Controller (TSC)

The transport slice controller takes abstract requests for transport 
slices and implements them using a suitable underlying technology.
A transport slice controller is the key building block for control
and management of the transport slice.  It provides the 
creation/modification/deletion, monitoring and optimization of
transport Slices in a multi-domain, multi-technology and multi-vendor
environment.  The TSC enables the dynamic E2E network slices with
specific capabilities to address the transport slice SLO requirements
through the entirety of a transport domains.

This functional block has the following characteristics:

* Provides a technology-agnostic NBI for creation/modification/
  deletion of the transport slices.  The attributes of this
  interface will be discussed in section sssss.  In summary, the API
  exposed by this NBI contains all endpoints of the transport slice
  (see draft Transport Slice), transport slice SLO, various policies
  and some data which allows the correlation between the transport
  slice and the E2E network slice.  The latter information is needed
  not for creation but for monitoring and assurance.

* Using the network abstract topology, it provides mechanism to find
  the Service endpoints (these are technology specific).

* Provides "Mapping Functions" for realization of transport slices.
  In other words, it will use the mapping functions which map
  technology-agnostic NBI request to technology-specific SBIs.
  These mapping functions provide a tremendous flexibility for TSC
  where the business logic provided on NBI is completely
  programmable to adapt to any specific southbound network
  technologies.

* From its southbound, it will continuously receive the Telemetry
  data (e.g.  OAM results, Statistics, States etc.) for all
  technology-specific services/paths/tunnels which are used to
  realize the transport slice (see section bbbbb for various
  examples of realization).

* Aggregates all the Telemetry data of underlying realization of a
  transport slice (i.e. services/paths/tunnels) and calculate the
  current "Transport Slice SLO" and exposes them to "Higher level
  system" through its NBI.  It also raises a notification in case
  the transport slice is out of SLO.

* Provides the abstract network topology and in specific the "inter-
  domain" links between multiple network domains.

* Provides the Closed-loop Optimization of Transport slices.  This
  is an important characteristic which allows full automation of the
  transport slices.  Using the Telemetry data collected from the
  network for all services/paths/tunnels which used to realize the
  transport slice, TSC will pro-actively monitors the transport
  slice and upon any SLO violation, it performs the closed-loop
  action to fix the issue.  For example, if multiple LSPs has been
  created in the network to realize a transport slice, upon
  transport slice SLO violation, TSC will start re-routing one or
  multiple LSPs.

For the rest of this document, the requiremnts for transport slice controller,
its northobund interfaces, its southbound interfaces and the mapping funciton to
map the northbound intent to southbound realization will be discussed.
